Join AT&T and reimagine the communications and technologies that connect the world. We’re committed to those who seek to discover the undiscoverable and dare to disrupt the norm. Bring your bold ideas and fearless risk-taking to redefine connectivity and transform how the world shares stories and experiences that matter. When you step into a career with AT&T, you won’t just imagine the future – you’ll create it. As a Senior System Engineer, you’ll be responsible for translating business needs into technical solutions and defining solutions to problems through reasoned application of information technology. Experience & Qualifications:5-8 years of related experience in Mainframe with good understanding of Network EngineeringExperience in building multiple versions systems addressing performance and scale.Experience in developing technical documentation on applications and systems.Ability to work with technical and business-oriented teams.Highly skilled with use of standard z/OS tools: TSO/ISPF, JCL, IBM Utilities, VSAM Utilities, SDSF, SSO, SAR, SYSLOG.Knowledge or experience with mainframe application schedulers, such as ESP or CA7Broad knowledge and understanding of multiple mainframe disciplines: z/OS, IMS, CICS, DB2, MQ Series, Automation, Network, Security, WebSphere, OMVS, batch operations, job schedulers (CA7, ESP), TCP/IP, JES2, Application support, etc.Good understanding of numerous tools used on z/OS: COBOL, PL/I, C, Debuggers, File Manager, SyncSort, Finalist, FOCUS, Language Environment, Librarian, Panvalet, Fault Analyzer, etc.Desired candidate will also be responsible for managing projects of mid and high-level complexity.Proficient in Network Management, Tools, and Protocols (Configuration, IP Network Address Management, Performance Management).Knowledge of data center infrastructure (including blade center design, data warehouse design, Ebusiness/web hosting design, etc.)Proficient in data communications protocols (TCP/IP, v4/v6, MPLS, BGP, OSPF, GMPLS, etc.)Proficient in home and premise networking architectures, assessment, and modeling.Proficient in specifying and evaluating architecture requirements for RFXs.Understands Virtualization, Storage and Content Deliver Networks (Cloud, CDM, Grid, SAN).Knowledge in voice, video, and app technologies (circuit, VoIP, SIP, IMS, AIN, Camel, etc.).Understands wireless technologies standards and protocols (3GPP, Wi-Fi, WiMAX, antennas, amplifiers, base stations, propagation, interference, spectrum).Other desired Languages: AssemblerStrong problem analysis skills. Desired Qualifications:Experience in building multiple versions of large customer facing systems addressing performance and scale.Develops technical documentation on applications and systemsAbility to work with technical and business-oriented teamsKnowledge of data center infrastructure (including zOS Mainframe configurations and associated products)Proficient in data communications protocols (TCP/IP, v4/v6, etc.)Proficient in the methodologies to deliver and support products on the zOS platform (Compilers, Debuggers, File manipulations tools, address validation tools, etc.)Understands networking architecture.Understands Storage architecture.Other desired Languages: AssemblerDegree in Engineering, Information Systems, or related technical field. Key Roles and Responsibilities:Designs, develops, documents, and analyzes overall architecture of systems, including hardware and software.Determines integrated hardware and software architecture solutions that meet performance, usability, scalability, reliability, and security needs.Coordinates design and integration of total system including subsystems.Researches and recommends technology to improve the current systems.Supports technical initiatives normally as part of a larger project.Works on development of new technologies or maintenance of existing technologies.Exchanges complex technical information and provides training and guidance to others in work area by breaking down information in a systematic and logical manner. Our Senior Systems Engineers earn between $115600 – 192600 annually. Not to mention all the other amazing rewards that working at AT&T offers. From health insurance to tuition reimbursement and paid time off to discounts on products and services just to name a few. There is a lot to be excited about around here. Individual starting salary within this range may depend on geography, experience, expertise, and education/training. A career with us, a global leader in communications and technology, comes with big rewards. As part of our team, you’ll lead transformation surrounded by trailblazing industry leaders like you. You’ll be empowered to go above and beyond – making a difference through company-sponsored initiatives or connecting and networking through one of our many employee groups. And regardless of where you’re at in your career trajectory, you’ll be rewarded by the impact that comes with making a difference in the lives of millions. With AT&T, you’ll be a part of something greater, do incredible things and be rewarded with a chance to change the world. Ready to join the #LifeAtATT? Apply Today! Requisition ID: 2253438 - Senior System Engineer Mainframe